README.md, before:

# Deep learning with satellite imagery and geospatial data

This course provides an introduction to Deep Learning applied to geospatial and remotely sensed data. Currently there are four exercices available:

- temperature prediction and introduction to DNN [notebook for intro to dnn](https://github.com/bparment1/deep_learning_with_satellite_imagery_and_geospatial_data/blob/main/temperature_predictions_DNN.ipynb)
- introduction to image classification and CNN using CIFAR 10 [notebook for intro to cnn](https://github.com/bparment1/deep_learning_with_satellite_imagery_and_geospatial_data/blob/main/intro_to_image_classification_with_CNN_cifar10.ipynb)
- introduction to semantic classification with remotely sensed data: building mapping [notebook for intro to semantic_segmentation](https://github.com/bparment1/deep_learning_with_satellite_imagery_and_geospatial_data/blob/main/intro_image_semantic_segmentation.ipynb)
- introduction to to transfer for image classification [notebook for intro to transfer_learning_classification](https://github.com/bparment1/deep_learning_with_satellite_imagery_and_geospatial_data/blob/main/intro_to_transfer_learning_with_CNN_cifar10.ipynb)

Upcoming exercises:

- deep learning flood mapping
- object detection: airplane in satellite imagery

Commit message:

Update README.md with hyperspectral exercise

README.md, after:

# Deep learning with satellite imagery and geospatial data

This course provides an introduction to Deep Learning applied to geospatial and remotely sensed data. Currently there are four exercices available:

- temperature prediction and introduction to DNN [notebook for intro to dnn](https://github.com/bparment1/deep_learning_with_satellite_imagery_and_geospatial_data/blob/main/temperature_predictions_DNN.ipynb)
- introduction to image classification and CNN using CIFAR 10 [notebook for intro to cnn](https://github.com/bparment1/deep_learning_with_satellite_imagery_and_geospatial_data/blob/main/intro_to_image_classification_with_CNN_cifar10.ipynb)
- introduction to semantic classification with remotely sensed data: building mapping [notebook for intro to semantic_segmentation](https://github.com/bparment1/deep_learning_with_satellite_imagery_and_geospatial_data/blob/main/intro_image_semantic_segmentation.ipynb)
- introduction to to transfer for image classification [notebook for intro to transfer_learning_classification](https://github.com/bparment1/deep_learning_with_satellite_imagery_and_geospatial_data/blob/main/intro_to_transfer_learning_with_CNN_cifar10.ipynb)
- 3D hybrid CCN for hyperspectral classification [notebook for hyperspectral_application_in_deep_learning](https://github.com/bparment1/deep_learning_with_satellite_imagery_and_geospatial_data/blob/main/hyperspectral_application_in_deep_learning.ipynb) 

Upcoming exercises:

- deep learning flood mapping
- object detection: airplane in satellite imagery
